I am Ivan Poddubny. Born in 1871
in Poltava Governorate, Ukraine.
I am a professional wrestler from the Russian
Empire and later the Soviet Union. I began my
sports career around 1900 and lasted for about
forty years and I have never lost a fair fight.
I am from a Zaporozhian Cossacks family. Our
family was big and it was a difficult time to
provide for us, therefore I was forced to
leave my father's house before turning 20.
I worked as a fitter in the ports of Sevastopol
and Feodosiya for seven years earning the nickname
of Ivan the Great. In 1903, I joined the Saint
Petersburg Athletic Club with which I participated
in World Championships in Moscow and Paris. In
1905 I became the World Champion in wrestling in
Paris and later toured Italy, Algeria, Belgium,
and Berlin, winning a championship in Nice.
In 1906, I won two more World Cups
in Paris, Frankfurt, Vienna and Milan
before returning to my home in Krasenivka in 1910.
I did not waste his money earned during fights and
upon my return home bought 490 acres of land, two
houses, a small store, a churn shop, and mills.
In the 1920s, I was touring the United States
staying undefeated while visiting New York City,
Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Chicago, and San
Francisco. At age 56 I won a beauty contest
among men in the United States. Being unable to
take out my earned half a million dollars from
the bank as it required to be a citizen, I left
for home. Later I continued to perform in the
Russian circuses retiring finally at age of 70.
The last farewell performance I did was in the
Tula city circus in 1941. After my retirement,
I with my wife settled in our two-story
house with a garden in Kuban, Russia.
I maintained a lifelong professional
rivalry with wrestler Stanislaus Zbyszko. I
died undefeated 1949, from a heart attack.
I used my strength to make the world a better
place. I hope this is how we all use our powers.